If only he could come up with so much money
I'll kneel and kowtow to him now and apologize
Go to your house to have a look.
What happened? The truth was revealed
Angry
Ready to go
I'm too lazy to explain to you.
Besides, I have, I don't have any money
I don't need to tell you.
Can't you get the money after saying so much?
Call your sales manager over
I have to see it today
This is how your sales department starts
Excuse me.
Our manager, not Li Wanji's
Not a cat or a dog can change
Just tell me if you have anything.
It's only their opinion on this matter
I am a person who only lives in his own world
No need to argue with him
Did he go to another house and say it?
It's like buying it.
Mr. Xie, didn't you take the snow into the star?
I'll get it right away
I have to let you dog today
Seeing things that are low
Take a good look
Do we have any money?